Circle stroke width change log and spec update (#120)
bmw-tech/atlas: packages/atlas/CHANGELOG.md

# atlas

## v0.17.0 (2021-09-01)

> - Added ability to supply an `StorkeWidth` on a `Circle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to supply a `StrokeWidth` on a `Circle`
```
